Hi we didn't this lecture regrowing to write our save on and clicked function because we want to save
all this information into our past database.
So now we have everything right.
Let me import the pass here so that we can create a P.F. object and we get to have to just create our
object and assign the values to its keys.
So I'm going to say this will be a P.F. object and class name.
We're going to have to choose a new class name because I believe we don't have any current class so
so far we have been working on this fruits.
Of course I don't want that.
I'm going to create a new class called Places OK with a C places and with those objects I'm going to
say object name right.
So we're gonna have a name.
This will be our place name and this can be easily gathered from the place model.
So let me create a place model over here it will be place model dot shared instance.
OK so if we come over here as a place model dot place name we can actually reach the place name.
So let's go for type place model.
That's place type.
Right.
And again the utmost fear so utmost for your place model dot place atmosphere.
This one and we're going to have the image but I'm going to do that later on I'm going to go for latitude
and longitude.
So we have this latitude and longitude right.
So how can I get this latitude.
Can I get it from place model dot.
No I cannot get that because I didn't actually give that property to my place model Singleton and I
can't just come over here and say that chosen latitude and for the longitude I can come over here and
say longitude is actually south.
That chosen longitude.
But I believe if we are doing something with a model we have to be coexistence rather than getting this
from chosen latitude and chosen longitude.
Why don't we define these attributes in the Singleton class so that we can assign its values inside
of our map we see.
So let's call this place latitudes and call this place longitude.
OK.
And by the way the other method will work as well.
I'm just trying to be consistent here.
If we're doing this with a model then I believe we should stick to the model and we should have all
the attributes inside of that model.
OK.
So that's why I'm adding this place led to do the longitude here.
So rather than using the South the chosen latitude I'm going to go for our place model dot shared instance
dot place latitude.
OK.
And for here I'm going to go for place model again.
Place model dot shared instance Dad's place longitude.
And this will be cool to strings.
So let me delete all of this actually.
We're not going to be using them and in here I'm going to go for place model dot place latitude and
in here I'm going to go for a place model dot place model Dad's place longitude.
So here you go.
Now all we have to do is just add the image.
So how do we add the image.
Of course we're going to convert that to data as we did in the fire base as we did in the core data.
So if we tried to upload an image we have to change it to into a data first so that we can actually
upload that data.
So I'm going to say if that image data and this will be coming from place model dot place image.
So this is a UI image and we're going to convert it into a JPEG data with a compression quality of 4.5.
So that I can come over here and say object image is the P.F. files.
OK.
So this is going to be APF file and this file object will ask us for a data and I'm going to choose
this one name and data for a name.
I'm going to call this image that J pack.
And for data I'm going to give image data.
And here you go.
Now you know how to upload data to the server as well.
So now I have my name type atmosphere latitude longitude and image and I believe that's all we need
to create a place.
So let's say objects that save and remember we use save in background with block.
So if you hit enter on that block it will give you a boolean indicating if this is success or not.
And I'm going to check to see if areas not Neil.
I'm going to print out an error and else I'm going to do a Segway right.
I'm going to go back to our places we see so I believe we don't have that Segway right now.
So we have to go to main story board and let's create that Segway because we cannot go to places we
see right now.
So let me choose here two other places we see as a show Segway and once I do that it kinds of I kind
of distorts the view so I'm going to go for present model T rather die show and I'm going to choose
full screen.
OK so here you go.
Let me close this down.
Oh no.
Let me just give you some identifier so I'm going to call this from maps we see two places we see because
we already have something called two places we see right.
So let me copy this identifier and paste it in here and send there will be nail so far so good.
And let's see if we have any Alec messages in here.
Nope we don't have.
So we are going to have to create it from scratch.
I'm going to call this UI Elliott controller and title will be error message will come from the error
itself.
Error dot localized description.
OK.
And the style will be error.
And this is not error this is Eliot.
And I'm going to create an okay button.
This will be an UI Eliot action.
And title will be OK style will be default and handler will be nailed.
I'm going to add this to my Eliot.
OK.
As an action and then I'm gonna present this present Allard animated true completion nil.
So this is good.
Let's try this in our simulator and let's see if we can create our first ever plays.
So here we go movement of troops.
Let's see if we can actually upload something to the PA server.
So let me actually come over here and close this down to find some real restaurant or cafe images so
that we won't try this with Mona Lisa right.
Let's go for a restaurant and I'm going to just bring in the first couple of images to use it on our
app so I'm going to save this to my photos.
So let's find another restaurant and everything looks like the same but I'm going to go for this one
OK and maybe we can search for some cafes or bars.
Let's go for bar OK.
And yep let's choose this one.
Let's bring this in at two photos and let's find another one.
Yep.
This one is good.
But I cannot seem to get it.
Yep I'm long pressing but it doesn't work.
So let's go for another image.
Yeah.
This one maybe.
Yes this is can be edited.
Yep.
Here you go.
Now let's go to our Foursquare clone.
I'm going to give some real details right now.
And by real I mean not gibberish James a restaurant type will be restaurant and the atmosphere will
be nice.
Let's choose one of the images that we have downloaded and let's click on Next and let's choose a location
from the maps.
So let's go for lights a plane for this time let's go for Apple store over here.
Yep.
And long press for three seconds.
Here you go.
We see the James restaurant.
Now if I say save not now it will save all this information.
But we cannot see that and we cannot see the ad button as well.
So there is some some sort of ad bug over here.
We are going to have to figure out that later on.
We lost the UI navigation bar.
We got to take care of that later on down for just for right now.
I just want to make sure that if we manage to create our places class.
So let me refresh this page in my past dashboard.
And here you go.
We have the pass places class.
Now we see the name.
We see the latitude.
We see the longitude.
We see the type and we see the image as well.
So let me try to download this.
Here you go.
The image is uploaded so everything seems to be working fine.
Now we're going to have to find a way to get this data and displayed in our table view to the users
so that the user can tap one of them and see the details in another wheel controller.
Let's do that in the next lecture.